Hi, people help from a friend but she is
very good, we will make the challenge of
phone that is so and then I wrote
16 words and you 'll have to call
someone will start having to have a
talk with the words after and
otherwise it 's a month ago I'm going
call pro 2011 shopping
I found the game mall right, I was
starting from scratch
Hi, but she still believes in
cupcake
So scold me, the cup will have a game or
not because you know that it's just a good note
that he goes pro exchange defeat knows
then I said put
life does not care, it does not know what it is
Need to do and still have what to do
and Sunday I have to go to church that
He recalled that the fair is more is
with your family and with you
there is no goal in evidence
the family was well controlled
to Czech but also to everyone
that she had to have a word she started
Talking to Robinho not these
words have not yet arrived at
people a month because of diet kiss
and guys attached to now there knowing
time to tell a story I'm a lot of pain
her belly if it helps
araraquara I do not know anything better to
buy medicine if you get nothing
a passport to leave the country
ss has saved to lend here
so I was very willing
any lawyer who because of the pain of
belly will not work
the neymar only the duck player who is
his friend so he just called to
He's here on my side playing chess.
The two gave birth to the pregnant woman
force on instagram that was with a
belly so looks like a jellyfish alan
mouth is busy at the movies but you
not only in the house there I
You betcha.
the subtitle
the legend of risotto the legend has dominated
all that is bona I knew that the
friend was wearing panties yesterday one
dude dude
the pen drive something was not the photo
the tottenham will stay that way my rent
father being in the series are serious
I think it crossed the million
is now seriously is an elephant is
passing by and liking to eat some
Christmas thing knows
A isabel nausea
it was at this time that there was no program
my trip to India next stay
You only need to buy show me the
violence and we're going to fuck
inflation is very well at the happy this
here 's a toothache, it's a hard way
to speak
but then we can eat a potato
fries the way is
for more than 40 years on the
race we will make a hoax who already
She said she already saw the words I
had to have a conversation of your own
work coming to property is joão
So that's how we got out of my ego.